# Minutes for Developer Experience Working Group - May 30, 2023

## Attendance
- Anita Jovic
- Demmy
- GeorgeFlerovsky
- Ignacio
- NeilRutledge
- waalge
- Sebastian Pabon
- MattChain

## Minutes

**Membership**
- Anita: Anyone can now join and invite new members without pre-approval
- There will be an announcement about sharing invites
- New members are encouraged to introduce themselves
- Process to determine speakers needs to be determined
- Discussion needed on the meaning of membership and how to add value
- George: Knowing members' backgrounds could be helpful, information could be in usernames/descriptions
- Anita: Onboarding documents and templates will be shared
- George: New attendees could become members by contributing in chat

**Kupo performance issues**
- Neil: Kupo performance issue mentioned last week turned out to be misconfiguration (`--defer-db-indexes` needed to be disabled)
- A Kupo issue about automatically creating indexes once fully synced was added

**Type blueprints (CIP-57)**
- MattChain: Reached out to Michael Peyton Jones about this and will get his opinion on CIP-57 support in PlutusTx

**PlutusTx and Plutus team focus**
- Neil: Is PlutusTx still being used now that alternatives are available like Aiken and Plutarch?
- George: It is used by Hydra and other projects
- MattChain: IOG wants to enable core Haskell capabilities (continuing to support PlutusTx) as well as community-built alternatives 
- waalge: Difficulty with initial PlutusTx usage, now using Aiken + Lucid
- George: Suggested waalge look at Atlas (PAB alternative in Haskell)
- Will Plutus Core team reconsider architecture now that everyone is moving to light wallets?
- MattChain: Plutus team's focus is currently on emulator and modular chain indexer (Marconi)
- Plutus-apps to go into maintenance mode
- Plutus team will focus where there is clear community demand
- George: IOG's modular components should be integratable into other platforms
- MattChain: Marconi could be used in any Haskell project

**Issues for next week's agenda**
- Ignacio: opinions on using 3rd parties for blockchain data
- Mithril coming next year
- George: wallets and DApps connecting to different services can cause sync issues
- Anita: someone from IOG would like to join and present

## Actions
- MattChain - Get MPJ's opinion on CIP-57
- George - Invite Vladimir Kalnitsky to next week's meeting
