# 2023-06-13 devxp

Attendees:
- @nrutledge
- @Igodlab
- @waalge
- @mattchain?

## Scribe role

General concensus : we should have one.

## Action

1. Get PRs merged
@nrutledge will ping people to get prs merged

2. We should go through prior meeting notes and see what can get converted to issues
@nrutledge : will aim to get issues tracked

3. From there we can create proposals

## Plutus flakes

1. @waalge resolved his issues from previous.

@nrutledge : try liqwid nix maybe

## Building bridges

@waalge what was this?

@Igodlab will find out what is happening here
